Add annotations docs (#652)
canonical/k8s-snap: docs/src/capi/reference/annotations.md

# Annotations

> 

Reviewer: needs some text, we don't allow run on heading for several reason, but mainly because they look terrible. Suggestion - a short sentence explaining annotations and/or linking to upstream docs?

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Like annotations for other Kubernetes objects, CAPI annotations are key-value pairs that can be used to reflect additional metadata for CAPI resources.

```

## Machine

The following annotations can be set on CAPI `Machine` resources.

| Name                                          | Description                                          | Values                       | Set by user |
|-----------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------|-------------|

> | `v1beta2.k8sd.io/in-place-upgrade-to`         | Trigger a Kubernetes version upgrade on that machine | version e.g `v1.31.3`        | yes         |

Reviewer 3: The value for this and the `release` annotation can be either one of `localPath=/full/path/to/k8s.snap`, `revision=123` or `channel=latest/edge`.

> | `v1beta2.k8sd.io/in-place-upgrade-to`         | Trigger a Kubernetes version upgrade on that machine | version e.g `v1.31.3`        | yes         |
> | `v1beta2.k8sd.io/in-place-upgrade-status`     | The status of the version upgrade                    | in-progress\|done\|failed    | no          |
> | `v1beta2.k8sd.io/in-place-upgrade-release`    | The current version on the machine                   | version e.g. `v1.31.3`       | no          |

Reviewer 2: @berkayoz you mean something like this (assuming rtd rendering is ok)?

```suggestion
| `v1beta2.k8sd.io/in-place-upgrade-to`         | Trigger a Kubernetes version upgrade on that machine | snap version e.g.:<br>- `localPath=/full/path/to/k8s.snap`<br>- `revision=123`<br>- `channel=latest/edge` | yes |
| `v1beta2.k8sd.io/in-place-upgrade-status`     | The status of the version upgrade                    | in-progress\|done\|failed    | no          |
| `v1beta2.k8sd.io/in-place-upgrade-release`    | The current version on the machine                   | snap version e.g.:<br>- `localPath=/full/path/to/k8s.snap`<br>- `revision=123`<br>- `channel=latest/edge` | no |
```
